Okay,
so now we have created another build. Let's take a look
at how we monitor it. In this demo,
we're going to cover the following, we're going to look at
using CloudWatch to monitor AWS CodeBuild builds similar
to in the previous module.
Okay, so, like in our previous module,
we're going to have a look at how to monitor our CodeBuild build
using CloudWatch, and that's one of those settings that we enabled
when setting up the initial build project.
So if we scroll down on our build, we can go to Build logs, and here is
all of our CloudWatch log outputted into the CodeBuild dashboard. So, we
can actually view the entire log over in CloudWatch, or we can view it
here too inside of CodeBuild dashboard.
When we scroll down, we can see where Packer started. It ran the install.
We can have a look at it creating the image and then also destroying the
instance. There it is stopping the instance, then creating the artifact.
There's the AMI name, and then it destroyed it, and then let us know it
was successful from our little if statement, and then it uploaded our
build.log artifact.
Really simple,
really straightforward, and let's just jump over to CloudWatch quick,
and we can have a look at it in there.
So you have all of the same logs in here, and then
you can expand them if you want to.
Let's have a quick recap.
We just covered CodeBuild and Packer. We had a look
at the prerequisites required.
We had a look at planning the build with a build spec. We had a look
at creating the build in the CodeBuild dashboard, and then we had a
look at the AMI artifacts in AWS EC2, and then we had a look at
monitoring the build with CloudWatch and the logs that it outputs.
That wasn't so bad, was it?
Now you're all experts on AWS CodeBuild.
But before you go,
let's take a look at where to go next and have a look at some inspiration.
So what's next and where can you go from here?
I would suggest looking to automate as much as possible of your
software engineering lifecycle and start to really implement and
include as much DevOps methodologies as possible.
There are a couple of other AWS services that tie into
CodeBuild really well such as CodePipeline and also
CodeDeploy. Werner Vogels is a CTO of AWS.
He has driven and pointed AWS in innovative directions and makes sure they are
ahead of the market curve. As you can see from his quote,
he believes that to reduce risk to your services,
we should be continuously integrating and continuously deploying changes.
Now CodeBuild is a key part and a key AWS service to achieve this.
Well, that's it. All finished, I promise.
Why not head over to the discussion tab to see how everyone else got on?
Or maybe try the test they put together on what you learned today.
Anyway, it's been an absolute blast, and if you're on Twitter,
why not give me a follow and send me a tweet.
I always love to hear feedback from my viewers. My name's @JoshuaGEdwards.